---
title: NexusOS
date: 2025-09-01
topics:
  ["React", "AWS", "Node.js", "GPT", "PGSQL", "Python", "Full Stack", "..."]
lead: virtual system-level AI agent
video: nexus2.mp4
---

architecting a secure, VM-based AI agent platform that enables autonomous
execution of end-to-end knowledge work across the CLI (PROTECTED), enterprise
tools, codebases, browsers, and cloud deployments. NexusOS empowers
organizations to offload repetitive, low-value tasks to intelligent agents while
maintaining strict security and system-level isolation.

with a voice-first interaction model powered by WebRTC streaming and WebSockets,
NexusOS orchestrates LLM-driven pipelines that translate natural language into
structured JSON actions for deterministic execution via MCP servers. Agents can
perform operations across VSCode-like environments, productivity suites (Excel,
Word, Gmail), and browser automations (Selenium), simulating human-like
cursor-driven workflows while preserving backend efficiency and OpenAI Whisper
text to Speech for real-time token stream and feedback.

the current tech stack -> Linux VMs via AWS EC2 servers, ECS, Node.js + Python
hybrid services, PostgreSQL, and containerized deployments on AWS, GCP, and
Azure. Cloudflare, Sentry, AWS BS. NexusOS integrates sandboxing, secure
file/resource sharing, & persistent state management to safely run code,
automate CLI commands, & deploy demos in isolated environments.

these capabilities will evolve into a production-ready infrastructure designed
for enterprise pilots, with observability, CI/CD, TDD, and
infrastructure-as-code to ensure resilience and scale.

at this stage for building a thin mvp, projected outcomes include 30–40% faster
task completion, 2–3x worker productivity uplift, & potential cost of < ~$0.80
per 12 hours for average worker load with OpenAI's GPT. For higher-level tasks,
claude, gemini, and other models will be available.

**In Development | Links: [GitHub](https://github.com/dylanhans),
[Website](https://nxos.ai/), [App]()**
